More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth. So dust off the cobwebs and use all those great ideas you have

my thoughts

alcoholism is for the hopeless people

Why should the big tech care about your well being ? please understand that any system will try to maximize its advantage. It is ridiculous to expect them to care about you. It is you who needs to understand those deadly traps and showcase restraint. use the devices when you only need, not whenever you want to. 

Guard yourself against all addictive bad behaviours. Because bad addictive behaviour in one aspect of your life will completely creep into other aspects of your life. Don't be a slave of anything. Have absolute control over how you react to things.

If you are offended by the question of why do you have a certain belief ? then my friend please reevaluate your belief and why you hold it.

you can feel good long term only if you develop the sage like austerity to delay gratifications and completely deny short term feel goods.

To be a good conversationist you either need to ask good questions or give great answers to even dumb questions. The person who questions is likely neurotic and deems it necessary to drag the conversation.  

You can always break out of old pstterns all you need are well equipped  lessons from who you dont want to be and a deep focus on what you can be and want to be. 

When saying no say it with such conviction that the no should apply not only to the request but even to the counter question of why you are saying No, which usally comes from the party whom you have cancelled.  

play status games not with people below you but your equals and with ones above you in hierarchy

For a lot of things the answer can be to change the state of mind but you also need to consider what if people are like that only. How can you change systems and processes to ensure people do what you want to despite their behaviour ? 

Learn to think in terms other than good/bad, easy/hard, useful/not useful

productive systems need not be legible and legible systems need not be productive

If you feel you are running out of time it means you think your future is going to be bad and you don't want the Paradise to be lost. For a person who is working towards a better future time is your friend.

Make time your aid not your deterrent by becoming slave to good habits.

one framework for better decision making is to do what you should instead of what you can.

Discipline is very similar to luxury products with huge functional value, because not many can afford to acquire and maintain it but the ones who do rarely settle for anything less. 

uncleization

make time your ally

make sure fear is not the dominant feeling in your life

Just because you cant predict the result does not mean it is bad. Predictabilty and legibility is not the sole indicators of good models

for a system or business to be good it need not be predictable 

a system which can withstand small regular variations becomes strengthened

If you are good at designing with what you have then you will be great at designing with what you want to have

man is a meaning chaser

once money loses its value the only thing of value is the threatening potential.

once money loses its value, the only valuable currency is fear

If people are afraid of dying then why do shrines recieve more funding than hospitals ? Because god anwers to the feeling brain. hospitals answer to thinking brain. 

Most of the people can help themselves if not for the fear of failing to help themselves. A leader is the ones who quashes that fear by providing them a safety net to rely upon him/her if they need support. 

Pity on the people living their entire lives in the clutches of various addictions

panic is what drives preparedness

Have the willingness and audacity to accept for yourself and announce that you have dedicated your life to something and actually do it. 

Most of management literature is empty promises with a blind "good for everything propositions". More often than not they completely ignore second order effects

India has a lot of graduates but very few educated people

As people grow old they desperately look for anchors in their lives and they tend to resort to conversationist views.

When considering welfare of people then democracies are good during normal times but extraordinary times require authoritarian measures

Best way to deal with stupidity is to not engage and encourage it

you know you have won an argument when personal attacks start coming your way

The work of a government should be evaluated not during normal times but how they deal with random one off high risk events like pandemics

Stress is nothing but a mismatch of expectation and reality both on physical and mental resources. It is easy to manioulate expectations than reality.

People are as good as the systems they are to follow

Don't let your addictions drown you out

Being dignified does not require makeup

Let dignity be your makeup.

Do not let your life script be modest. 

First the fortune depends on you and then you depend on the fortune.

Whatever you do there is always a feeling of fucking voidness in humans and it pays off to fill that voidness with practically useful stuff rather than with freaking addictions

Of everything you could be please don't be a chameleon

Whose expectations are you living up to ? yours or others ?

What helps you win elections doesnt help you run country properly

While learning something new it is important that you receive validation and many make the mistake of validation that they know it already instead of validation that they are learning

You are just one thought away from shitstorm

Nobody is coming to save you, every person, organization and government is thinking about their benefit. Only you can be your saviour.

Let curiosity be your driver, not your end goal or a self improvement goal

Don't let your insecurities drownout what you could be proud of.

Everything gives you what you will to get out of it

Be careful when you lie to others, sooner or later you will start lying to yourself. Now you don't know what is real and what is not. 

Be wary of living the same day for 40 years and then dying. The beauty of life lies in uncertainty, change and diversity. 

falling in to status quo trap is the ultimate sign of mindlessness

No quote, book, video , message will change your life. only you can try to do so but then results are not guaranteed. But a quote, book or video can improve your day and life is a sequence of days. 

Being human is to be slightly dissatisfied with the status quo. nothing will ever make your eternally happy. Accept that mild dissatisfaction to be a part of your life. 


Diversions come and go. Pleasure never lasts. Variety loses its meaning. But you will always be able to choose what you are willing to sacrifice, what you are willing to give up.

The ultimate freedom is to be committed to something, it gives you the freedom to reject every other thing and choose what matters to you.  Choice and Variety is not freedom. Pursue the things you commit to inspite of the inevitable pain from those commitments.

Ideological hope is futile

Thinking brain should be your guiding light. you need to use the tricks of feeling brain to manipulate people to get what you want.

What is the information filter you use ? is it right ? or does it feel good to other person ?

Wise people know what things to intervene and what things to let for themselves

China has the best surveillance system in the world because , chinese government is mainly dependent on their propaganda. The crucial aspect of propaganda is to control the sources of information. With social media every person is a source of information and only surveillance can help control such large sources of information.

Curiosity is antifragile, like an addiction, and is magnified by attempts to satisfy it—books have a secret mission and ability to multiply, as everyone who has wall-to-wall bookshelves knows well.

Don't despise money before you are rich

Nature might have dealt you a bad hand, but the nurture part is still in your control. You can try to become what you want to. 



